Docs update as we promote JobBackoffLimitPerIndex to stable (#49811)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/job/pod-failure-policy.md

Author: Makes sense, addressed in the latest commit: https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/49811/commits/d1eb544f18c29ae024d7ef0bf4426973061d5c54

{{< include "task-tutorial-prereqs.md" >}} {{< version-check >}}

## Usage scenarios

> We consider the following usage scenarios for the Job's _Pod failure policy_ feature:

Reviewer: In docs, we [avoid using "we"](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#avoid-using-we)
```suggestion
Consider the following usage scenarios for Jobs that define a Pod failure policy :
```

No need for italics as this is not the first use of the term.

The cluster automatically cleans up the Pods.

## Using Pod Failure Policy to avoid unnecessary Pod retries per index

With the following example, you can learn how to use Pod failure policy and

> Backoff limit per index features to avoid unnecessary Pod restarts per index.

Author: Done

> 1. First, create a Job based on the config:

Author: Done

   {{% code_sample file="/controllers/job-backoff-limit-per-index-failindex.yaml" %}}

>    by running:

Author: Done

   ```sh
   kubectl create -f job-backoff-limit-per-index-failindex.yaml
   ```

> 1. After a while, inspect the status of the job's Pods by running:

Author: I agree, however in this context "a few minutes" is a bit excessive. Updated to 15s, as shown below the results are after 15s.

   ```shell
   kubectl get pods -l job-name=job-backoff-limit-per-index-failindex -o yaml
   ```

   You will see output similar to this:

   ```none
   NAME                                            READY   STATUS      RESTARTS   AGE
   job-backoff-limit-per-index-failindex-0-4g4cm   0/1     Error       0          4s
   job-backoff-limit-per-index-failindex-0-fkdzq   0/1     Error       0          15s
   job-backoff-limit-per-index-failindex-1-2bgdj   0/1     Error       0          15s
   job-backoff-limit-per-index-failindex-2-vs6lt   0/1     Completed   0          11s
   job-backoff-limit-per-index-failindex-3-s7s47   0/1     Completed   0          6s
   ```

   Note that there are two Pods with index 0, because the backoff limit allowed
   for one retry of the index. At the same time, there is only one Pod with index 1,
   because the exit code of the failed Pod matched the Pod failure policy with

>    the `FailIndex` action.

Author: Done

1. Inspect the status of the Job by running:

   ```sh
   kubectl get jobs -l job-name=job-backoff-limit-per-index-failindex -o yaml
   ```

   In the Job status, see the `failedIndexes` field shows "0,1", because both indexes failed.
   Since the index 1 was not retried the number of failed Pods,

>    indicated by the status field "failed" equals 3.

Author: Done

The cluster automatically cleans up the Pods.

## Using Pod Failure Policy to avoid unnecessary Pod retries per index

To avoid unnecessary Pod restarts per index, you can use the Pod failure policy and
Backoff limit per index features. The following section shows how to use these features:

> 1. Save the following manifest as `job-backoff-limit-per-index-failindex.yaml`:

Reviewer: We prefer to recommend fetching manifests via HTTPS
```suggestion
1. Examine the following manifest:
```

It does feel a bit `curl | bash` but we also promise that the manifest looks like the one in the page (and I think that's a reasonable promise.

Author: yeah, I'm happy to update just thinking what to do to keep the doc consistent throughout, as in the other comment: https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/49811#discussion_r2014519065

Author: Addressed tentatively in the latest commit: https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/49811/commits/d1eb544f18c29ae024d7ef0bf4426973061d5c54
It makes the diff bigger, but I like making the sections consistent. PTAL.

   {{% code_sample file="/controllers/job-backoff-limit-per-index-failindex.yaml" %}}

1. Apply the manifest:

   ```sh

>    kubectl create -f job-backoff-limit-per-index-failindex.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   kubectl create -f  https://k8s.io/examples/controllers/job-backoff-limit-per-index-failindex.yaml
```

Author: This makes sense, but we should probably be consistent with the rest of the doc. Would you prefer to update it consistently in this PR, or keep as is and leave to a follow up?

Author: Addressed tentatively in the latest commit: https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/49811/commits/d1eb544f18c29ae024d7ef0bf4426973061d5c54
It makes the diff bigger, but I like making the sections consistent. PTAL.

Reviewer: Ok, fine to improve the other sections too.

   ```

> 1. After around 15s inspect the status of the Pods of the job by running:

Author: Done, thanks!

> 1. After around 15 seconds, inspect the status of the Pods of the job by running:

Reviewer: (nit)
```suggestion
1. After around 15 seconds, inspect the status of the Pods for the Job. You can do that by running:
```
